# Storyboard
### I first created a storybaord, which will be the inspiration for the website creation. I made a 3 page long main page, I planned them to be exact measurements of the screen size so I used the VH (vertical view) size measurement. This made them to regardless be precisely the page view size, I planned for them to snap while scrolling for ease of reading and viewing. The first page will be social contacts and copyright and be designed around coding. The second is a bit about me from 3 perspectives Past, Present and Future. The third page is my previous works from Coding and Designing. These will take you to previous work on a specific topic.

# Coding
### I began creating the 3 page layout first and the scroll snapping. I basically made one long div element to create the snap point and each div element would be a page where it'll snap onto. Then I started creating the social media contacts. I made a logo and added that onto the top as a navbar and made it go back to the main page or scroll to the top. Then I made a long div element in the middle of the screen and spaced each social icon apart in width. I made them interactable to make give the client the feeling it is clickable. I also, added a small copyright reservation at the bottom part.
### I started on the second page once i was happy with the first one. The second one had a few iterations since I changed them 3 times to suit the page. The one i settled on was 3 different perspectives in 3 boxes of text describing each perspective. These were Past, Present and Future.
### Third page in process